{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable 
{\list\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc2\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc1\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc3\leveljc0\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\jclisttab\tx0}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc1\levelstartat1{\leveltext\'01\'B7;}{\levelnumbers;}\f1\jclisttab\tx0}\listid1 }}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs48\lang9  \b SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS\par
SPECIFICATION REPORT \par
FOR\par
 SEAT ALLOCATION SYSTEM\par
\b0\fs36                                                                    \b Prepared by\b0 - Ria Mishra  \par
                                          InTimeTec \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs44  \b INDEX\b0\par
1. Introduction\par
   1.1 Purpose\par
   1.2 Intended Audience\par
   1.3 Scope\par
   1.4 References\par
2. Overall Description\par
   2.1 How Proposed System Is Better Than  \par
         Existing One?\par
   2.2 Hardware Configuration\par
   2.3 Software Configuration\par
3. Requirements\par
   3.1 Functional Requirements   \par
   3.2 Non-Functional Requirements\par
4. System Features\par
5. Testing and Results\par
6. Deliver For Approval\par
\ul  1. INTRODUCTION\par
\ulnone  1.1 Purpose\par
The purpose of creating the seat allocation system is to provide a solution for allocating seats to newly hired employees and reallocating the seats already in use. The number of people working in the organisation is increasing every year. As a result, the organisation will have to accommodate all its employees at its workplace. In this situation, the seat allocation system will help in the allocation of seats  and hence reduce the time and effort of the operational team. \par
1.2 Intended Audience\par
The intended audience of the seat allocation      system would be the operational team and the employees.\par
1.3 Scope\par
The Seat Allocation System is a web application that assists employees and operational team in handling modern-day seating issues at work. Moreover, it is an essential resource in planning that facilitates employees's sitting within the bounds of the workplace.\par
 1.4 References\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.perforce.com/blog/alm/how-write-software-requirements-specification-srs-document#:~:text=A%20software%20requirements%20specification%20(SRS)%20is%20a%20document%20that%20describes,(business%2C%20users)%20needs }}{\fldrslt{https://www.perforce.com/blog/alm/how-write-software-requirements-specification-srs-document#:~:text=A%20software%20requirements%20specification%20(SRS)%20is%20a%20document%20that%20describes,(business%2C%20users)%20needs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs44 .\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fYy4l3sSKU }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fYy4l3sSKU\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83-S5Qu6VP8 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83-S5Qu6VP8\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs44\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Operational team \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx4828\ul 2.OVERALL DESCRIPTION\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone 2.1 How Proposed System Is Better Than  \par
      Existing One?\par
\b\i EXISTING ONE:\b0\i0\par
Currently, in InTimeTec, the seats are assigned to the employees manually, which is a time-consuming process. This might cause issues if seats are not assigned correctly or if none are available for new joinees. Allocating seats to each employee, tracking the vacant seat, and reallocating it is a tedious task when it is done manually. This can be resolved by using a seat allocation system. \b\i\par
PROPOSED SYSTEM:\par
\b0\i0 The proposed system is better than the existing one in the following ways:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Reduce the manual efforts of the operational team.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Provide better seat allocation based on the project assigned to the employees.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}This system will ensure that all the teams are working in a well-synchronized ecosystem.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}To keep track of detailed information about available and occupied seats\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It enables the employees to sit within the bounds of the workplace.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.2 Hardware Configuration\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 RAM: 256 MB\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}1 GB of storage space\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 2.3 Software Configuration\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Web Browser: Google Chrome or any compatible browser.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Operating System: Windows or any equivalent OS\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Server side Language: Java\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}FrontEnd Languages: HTML,CSS,JavaScript\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Database Server: MYSQL\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Java Servlet, Java Server Pages (JSP)\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1    3.REQUIREMENT\par
\ulnone    3.1 Functional Requirements   \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Vacant seats should be clearly visible to the operational team.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The seats should be allocated dynamically by the operational team.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The details of the employees occupying the seat should be available.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The deallocation of an employee's seat can be done easily . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The available and occupied seats on each floor should be shown.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 3.2 Non-Functional Requirements\par

\pard 
{\listtext\f0\u10625?\tab}\ls1\ilvl8\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Performance\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 System performance defines how fast a system can respond to a particular user\rquote s action under a certain workload.\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}Complete a specific task in the shortest amount of time and with accuracy.\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}It should be easy to maintain and efficient to use.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Security Requirement\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Security measures ensure the portal's safety against espionage or sabotage.\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}Only an authorised user should be allowed to access the data and perform various tasks.\par
{\pntext\f0 c.\tab}Only the authorised person should be allowed to give access to other members.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Safety Requirements\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 a.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcltr{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The  information and details of the employee should remain confidential.\par
{\pntext\f0 b.\tab}There should not be any sharing of       information of the employees.\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1   4. SYSTEM FEATURES\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx1846\ulnone There will be an authentication of the admin (Operational Team) logging into the system .\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The number of seats on each floor can be updated in real-time.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The operational team will be allowed to view the seating arrangement on each floor of the office.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The operational team will be allowed to allocate the seat  to the newly hired employee.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If there is a need to deallocate any employee from his current place, then the operational team can deallocate his seat.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A email will be set to the employee regarding his allocated seat.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A pop-up window will be shown when the seat is allocated to the employee.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx1846 5. TESTING AND RESULTS\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 6. DELIVER FOR APPROVAL\par
This Document is approved by our client .\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx1846\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx4828\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 